charts/stable/hyperion-ng/README.md, before:

# hyperion-ng

![Version: 3.4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-3.4.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 2.0.0-alpha9](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-2.0.0--alpha9-informational?style=flat-square)

Hyperion is an opensource Bias or Ambient Lighting implementation

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/hyperion-project/hyperion.ng>
* <https://hub.docker.com/r/sirfragalot/hyperion.ng>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 2.5.0 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install hyperion-ng k8s-at-home/hyperion-ng
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `hyperion-ng`

```console
helm install hyperion-ng k8s-at-home/hyperion-ng
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `hyperion-ng` deployment

```console
helm uninstall hyperion-ng
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install hyperion-ng \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/hyperion-ng
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install hyperion-ng k8s-at-home/hyperion-ng -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

N/A

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| env | object | `{}` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"sirfragalot/hyperion.ng"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `"2.0.0-alpha.9-x86_64"` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| persistence.config.emptyDir.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| persistence.config.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| persistence.config.mountPath | string | `"/root/.hyperion"` |  |
| service.additionalPorts[0].name | string | `"jsonservice"` |  |
| service.additionalPorts[0].port | int | `19444` |  |
| service.additionalPorts[0].protocol | string | `"TCP"` |  |
| service.additionalPorts[0].targetPort | int | `19444` |  |
| service.additionalPorts[1].name | string | `"protobufservice"` |  |
| service.additionalPorts[1].port | int | `19445` |  |
| service.additionalPorts[1].protocol | string | `"TCP"` |  |
| service.additionalPorts[1].targetPort | int | `19445` |  |
| service.additionalPorts[2].name | string | `"boblightservice"` |  |
| service.additionalPorts[2].port | int | `19333` |  |
| service.additionalPorts[2].protocol | string | `"TCP"` |  |
| service.additionalPorts[2].targetPort | int | `19333` |  |
| service.port.port | int | `8090` |  |
| strategy.type | string | `"Recreate"` |  |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [3.3.2]

#### Added

- N/A

#### Changed

- Updated icon url.

#### Removed

- N/A

### [1.0.0]

#### Added

- N/A

#### Changed

- N/A

#### Removed

- N/A

[3.3.2]: #332
[1.0.0]: #100

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)

Commit message:

[hyperion-ng] Migrate to common v3
Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

charts/stable/hyperion-ng/README.md, after:

# hyperion-ng

![Version: 4.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-4.0.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 2.0.0-alpha9](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-2.0.0--alpha9-informational?style=flat-square)

Hyperion is an opensource Bias or Ambient Lighting implementation

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/hyperion-project/hyperion.ng>
* <https://hub.docker.com/r/sirfragalot/hyperion.ng>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 2.5.0 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install hyperion-ng k8s-at-home/hyperion-ng
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `hyperion-ng`

```console
helm install hyperion-ng k8s-at-home/hyperion-ng
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `hyperion-ng` deployment

```console
helm uninstall hyperion-ng
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install hyperion-ng \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/hyperion-ng
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install hyperion-ng k8s-at-home/hyperion-ng -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

N/A

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| env | object | See below | environment variables. See [image docs](https://docs.linuxserver.io/images/docker-airsonic#environment-variables-e) for more details. |
| env.PGID | string | `"1001"` | Specify the group ID the application will run as |
| env.PUID | string | `"1001"` | Specify the user ID the application will run as |
| env.TZ | string | `"UTC"` | Set the container timezone |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"sirfragalot/hyperion.ng"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"2.0.0-alpha.9-x86_64"` | image tag |
| ingress.main | object | See values.yaml | Enable and configure ingress settings for the chart under this key. |
| persistence.config.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| persistence.config.mountPath | string | `"/root/.hyperion"` |  |
| service | object | See values.yaml | Configures service settings for the chart. |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [4.0.0]

#### Changed

- **BREAKING**: Upgraded the common library dependency to version 3.1.0. This introduces several breaking changes (`service`, `ingress` and `persistence` keys have been refactored).
  Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-3.1.0/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.

### [3.3.2]

#### Added

- N/A

#### Changed

- Updated icon url.

#### Removed

- N/A

### [1.0.0]

#### Added

- N/A

#### Changed

- N/A

#### Removed

- N/A

[4.0.0]: #400
[3.3.2]: #332
[1.0.0]: #100

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)
