charts/stable/paperless/README.md, before:

# paperless

![Version: 7.0.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-7.0.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.0.0-informational?style=flat-square)

Paperless - Index and archive all of your scanned paper documents

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/jonaswinkler/paperless-ng>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 4.0.1 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install paperless k8s-at-home/paperless
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `paperless`

```console
helm install paperless k8s-at-home/paperless
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `paperless` deployment

```console
helm uninstall paperless
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install paperless \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/paperless
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install paperless k8s-at-home/paperless -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

N/A

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| additionalContainers | object | See values.yaml | Deploy local redis instance. |
| env | object | See below | See the following files for additional environment variables: https://github.com/jonaswinkler/paperless-ng/tree/master/docker/compose/ https://github.com/jonaswinkler/paperless-ng/blob/master/paperless.conf.example |
| env.COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME | string | `"paperless"` | Project name |
| env.PAPERLESS_OCR_LANGUAGE | string | `"eng"` | OCR languages to install |
| env.PAPERLESS_REDIS | string | `"redis://localhost:6379"` | Redis to use |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"jonaswinkler/paperless-ng"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"1.4.5"` | image tag |
| ingress.main | object | See values.yaml | Enable and configure ingress settings for the chart under this key. |
| persistence.consume | object | See values.yaml | Configure volume to monitor for new documents. |
| persistence.data | object | See values.yaml | Configure persistence for data. |
| persistence.export | object | See values.yaml | Configure export volume. |
| persistence.media | object | See values.yaml | Configure persistence for media. |
| service | object | See values.yaml | Configures service settings for the chart. |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [7.0.0]

#### Changed

- Upgraded the common library dependency to version 4.0.0. This introduced (potentially) breaking changes to `initContainers` and `additionalContainers`. Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-4.0.0/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.

### [6.0.0]

#### Changed

- **BREAKING**: Upgraded the common library dependency to version 3.2.0. This introduces several breaking changes (`service`, `ingress` and `persistence` keys have been refactored).
  Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-3.2.0/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.
- Changed the image tag to `1.4.5`.

### [5.3.2]

#### Changed

- Updated icon url.

### [1.0.0]

#### Added

- Initial version

[7.0.0]: #700
[6.0.0]: #600
[5.3.2]: #532
[1.0.0]: #100

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)

Commit message:

[paperless] Added in postgres and redis as dependencies (#1237)
* [paperless] Added in postgres and redis as dependencies

Signed-off-by: Jonathan Bartlett <jonathan@jonnobrow.co.uk>

charts/stable/paperless/README.md, after:

# paperless

![Version: 8.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-8.0.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.5.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.5.0-informational?style=flat-square)

Paperless - Index and archive all of your scanned paper documents

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/jonaswinkler/paperless-ng>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami | postgresql | 10.12.2 |
| https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami | redis | 15.0.0 |
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 4.0.1 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install paperless k8s-at-home/paperless
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `paperless`

```console
helm install paperless k8s-at-home/paperless
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `paperless` deployment

```console
helm uninstall paperless
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install paperless \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/paperless
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install paperless k8s-at-home/paperless -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration
N/A

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| env | object | See below | See the following files for additional environment variables: https://github.com/jonaswinkler/paperless-ng/tree/master/docker/compose/ https://github.com/jonaswinkler/paperless-ng/blob/master/paperless.conf.example |
| env.COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME | string | `"paperless"` | Project name |
| env.PAPERLESS_OCR_LANGUAGE | string | `"eng"` | OCR languages to install |
| env.PAPERLESS_REDIS | string | `nil` | Redis to use |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"jonaswinkler/paperless-ng"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"1.5.0"` | image tag |
| ingress.main | object | See values.yaml | Enable and configure ingress settings for the chart under this key. |
| persistence.consume | object | See values.yaml | Configure volume to monitor for new documents. |
| persistence.data | object | See values.yaml | Configure persistence for data. |
| persistence.export | object | See values.yaml | Configure export volume. |
| persistence.media | object | See values.yaml | Configure persistence for media. |
| postgresql | object | See values.yaml | Enable and configure postgresql database subchart under this key.    For more options see [postgresql chart documentation](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/postgresql) |
| redis | object | See values.yaml | Enable and configure redis subchart under this key.    For more options see [redis chart documentation](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/redis) |
| service | object | See values.yaml | Configures service settings for the chart. |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [8.0.0]

#### Changed

- Upgraded the App Version to `1.5.0`
- Changed the image tag to `1.5.0`
- Include postgresql and redis charts from bitnami as Paperless supports both of these. This adds two new configuration sections and can replace the additionalContainers used for redis previously.

### [7.0.0]

#### Changed

- Upgraded the common library dependency to version 4.0.0. This introduced (potentially) breaking changes to `initContainers` and `additionalContainers`. Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-4.0.0/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.

### [6.0.0]

#### Changed

- **BREAKING**: Upgraded the common library dependency to version 3.2.0. This introduces several breaking changes (`service`, `ingress` and `persistence` keys have been refactored).
  Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-3.2.0/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.
- Changed the image tag to `1.4.5`.

### [5.3.2]

#### Changed

- Updated icon url.

### [1.0.0]

#### Added

- Initial version

[7.0.0]: #700
[6.0.0]: #600
[5.3.2]: #532
[1.0.0]: #100

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)
