charts/stable/influxdb-exporter/README.md, before:

# influxdb-exporter

![Version: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.8.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.8.1-informational?style=flat-square)

influxdb-exporter helm package

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/prometheus/influxdb_exporter>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 4.3.0 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install influxdb-exporter k8s-at-home/influxdb-exporter
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `influxdb-exporter`

```console
helm install influxdb-exporter k8s-at-home/influxdb-exporter
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `influxdb-exporter` deployment

```console
helm uninstall influxdb-exporter
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install influxdb-exporter \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/influxdb-exporter
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install influxdb-exporter k8s-at-home/influxdb-exporter -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

N/A

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| env | object | See below | environment variables. See more environment variables in the [influxdb-exporter documentation](https://influxdb-exporter.org/docs). |
| env.TZ | string | `"UTC"` | Set the container timezone |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"prom/influxdb-exporter"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"v0.8.1"` | image tag |
| metrics.enabled | bool | See values.yaml | Enable and configure prometheus-qbittorrent-exporter sidecar and Prometheus podMonitor. |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.interval | string | `"15s"` |  |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.labels | object | `{}` |  |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.scrapeTimeout | string | `"5s"` |  |
| service | object | See values.yaml | Configures service settings for the chart. |

## Changelog

### Version 1.0.0

#### Added

* Initial version

#### Changed

N/A

#### Fixed

N/A

### Older versions

A historical overview of changes can be found on [ArtifactHUB](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/k8s-at-home/influxdb-exporter?modal=changelog)

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v0.1.1](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/helm-docs/releases/v0.1.1)

Commit message:

[influxdb-exporter] fix README
Signed-off-by: Francesco Astegiano <francesco.astegiano@gmail.com>

charts/stable/influxdb-exporter/README.md, after:

# ${CHARTNAME}

![Version: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.0.0-informational?style=flat-square)

${CHARTNAME} helm package

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/${CHARTNAME}/${CHARTNAME}-docker>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 4.0.0 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install ${CHARTNAME} k8s-at-home/${CHARTNAME}
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `${CHARTNAME}`

```console
helm install ${CHARTNAME} k8s-at-home/${CHARTNAME}
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `${CHARTNAME}` deployment

```console
helm uninstall ${CHARTNAME}
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install ${CHARTNAME} \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/${CHARTNAME}
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install ${CHARTNAME} k8s-at-home/${CHARTNAME} -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

N/A

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| env | object | See below | environment variables. See more environment variables in the [${CHARTNAME} documentation](https://${CHARTNAME}.org/docs). |
| env.TZ | string | `"UTC"` | Set the container timezone |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"${CHARTNAME}/${CHARTNAME}"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"1.0.0"` | image tag |
| ingress.main | object | See values.yaml | Enable and configure ingress settings for the chart under this key. |
| persistence | object | See values.yaml | Configure persistence settings for the chart under this key. |
| service | object | See values.yaml | Configures service settings for the chart. |

## Changelog

### Version 1.0.0

#### Added

- Initial version

#### Changed

N/A

#### Fixed

N/A

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)
