charts/stable/apache-musicindex/README.md, before:

# apache-musicindex

![Version: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v1.4.1-1](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v1.4.1--1-informational?style=flat-square)

Index and steam music using apache-musicindex

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <http://hacks.slashdirt.org/sw/musicindex/>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 3.2.0 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install apache-musicindex k8s-at-home/apache-musicindex
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `apache-musicindex`

```console
helm install apache-musicindex k8s-at-home/apache-musicindex
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `apache-musicindex` deployment

```console
helm uninstall apache-musicindex
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install apache-musicindex \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/apache-musicindex
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install apache-musicindex k8s-at-home/apache-musicindex -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

N/A

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"ghcr.io/k8s-at-home/apache-musicindex"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"v1.4.1-1"` | image tag |
| ingress.main | object | See values.yaml | Enable and configure ingress settings for the chart under this key. |
| persistence | object | See values.yaml | Configure persistence settings for the chart under this key. |
| service | object | See values.yaml | Configures service settings for the chart. |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [1.0.0]

#### Added

- Initial version

#### Changed

- N/A

#### Removed

- N/A

[1.0.0]: #1.0.0

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)

Commit message:

[apache-musicindex] Use standard ports (#1079)

charts/stable/apache-musicindex/README.md, after:

# apache-musicindex

![Version: 1.0.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v1.4.1-2](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v1.4.1--2-informational?style=flat-square)

Index and stream music using apache-musicindex and m3u playlists

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <http://hacks.slashdirt.org/sw/musicindex/>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 3.2.0 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install apache-musicindex k8s-at-home/apache-musicindex
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `apache-musicindex`

```console
helm install apache-musicindex k8s-at-home/apache-musicindex
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `apache-musicindex` deployment

```console
helm uninstall apache-musicindex
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install apache-musicindex \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/apache-musicindex
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install apache-musicindex k8s-at-home/apache-musicindex -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

### Matching pors

You need to ensure that the ingress and service ports match
or you will not be able to stream.

This is because the apache-musicindex will use the schema and
port from the incomming request to generate the URL in the
playlist.m3u.

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"ghcr.io/k8s-at-home/apache-musicindex"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"v1.4.1-2"` | image tag |
| ingress.main | object | See values.yaml | Enable and configure ingress settings for the chart under this key. |
| persistence | object | See values.yaml | Configure persistence settings for the chart under this key. |
| securityContext | object | See values.yaml | Allows to start web server on ports 80 and 443 |
| service | object | See values.yaml | Configures service settings for the chart. |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [1.0.1]

#### Changed

- Fixes streamin - use standard ports to match ingress ports

### [1.0.0]

#### Added

- Initial version

#### Changed

- N/A

#### Removed

- N/A

[1.0.0]: #1.0.0

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)
