charts/stable/pretend-youre-xyzzy/README.md, before:

# pretend-youre-xyzzy

![Version: 1.2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.2.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 4](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-4-informational?style=flat-square)

pretend-youre-xyzzy, a cards against humanity clone

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/ajanata/PretendYoureXyzzy>
* <https://github.com/emcniece/DockerYourXyzzy>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 2.5.0 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install pretend-youre-xyzzy k8s-at-home/pretend-youre-xyzzy
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `pretend-youre-xyzzy`

```console
helm install pretend-youre-xyzzy k8s-at-home/pretend-youre-xyzzy
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `pretend-youre-xyzzy` deployment

```console
helm uninstall pretend-youre-xyzzy
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install pretend-youre-xyzzy \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/pretend-youre-xyzzy
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install pretend-youre-xyzzy k8s-at-home/pretend-youre-xyzzy -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

N/A

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"emcniece/dockeryourxyzzy"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `"4"` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| service.port.port | int | `8080` |  |
| strategy.type | string | `"Recreate"` |  |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [1.1.2]

#### Added

- Added icon url

#### Changed

- N/A

#### Removed

- N/A

### [1.0.1]

#### Added

- N/A

#### Changed

- Updated chart description to 'pretend-youre-xyzzy, a cards against humanity clone'

#### Removed

- N/A

### [1.0.0]

#### Added

- First version of the helm chart for pretend you're xyzzy

#### Changed

- N/A

#### Removed

- N/A

[1.1.2]: #1.1.2
[1.0.1]: #1.0.1
[1.0.0]: #1.0.0

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)

Commit message:

[multiple] Migrate to common v3 (#1067)
* [network-ups-tools] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [node-red] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [omada-controller] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [ombi] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [organizr] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [omada-controller] Change image tag to 4.3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* Update Chart.yaml

* [omada-controller] Use image tag 4.3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [owncast] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [piaware] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [pretend-youre-xyzzy] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [promcord] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [prometheus-nut-exporter] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [protonmail-bridge] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [pyload] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [recipes] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [resilio-sync] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [recipes] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

charts/stable/pretend-youre-xyzzy/README.md, after:

# pretend-youre-xyzzy

![Version: 2.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-2.0.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 4](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-4-informational?style=flat-square)

pretend-youre-xyzzy, a cards against humanity clone

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/ajanata/PretendYoureXyzzy>
* <https://github.com/emcniece/DockerYourXyzzy>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 3.2.0 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install pretend-youre-xyzzy k8s-at-home/pretend-youre-xyzzy
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `pretend-youre-xyzzy`

```console
helm install pretend-youre-xyzzy k8s-at-home/pretend-youre-xyzzy
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `pretend-youre-xyzzy` deployment

```console
helm uninstall pretend-youre-xyzzy
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install pretend-youre-xyzzy \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/pretend-youre-xyzzy
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install pretend-youre-xyzzy k8s-at-home/pretend-youre-xyzzy -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

N/A

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"emcniece/dockeryourxyzzy"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"4"` | image tag |
| ingress.main | object | See values.yaml | Enable and configure ingress settings for the chart under this key. |
| service | object | See values.yaml | Configures service settings for the chart. |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [2.0.0]

#### Changed

- **BREAKING**: Upgraded the common library dependency to version 3.2.0. This introduces several breaking changes (`service`, `ingress` and `persistence` keys have been refactored).
  Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-3.2.0/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.

### [1.1.2]

#### Added

- Added icon url

#### Changed

- N/A

#### Removed

- N/A

### [1.0.1]

#### Added

- N/A

#### Changed

- Updated chart description to 'pretend-youre-xyzzy, a cards against humanity clone'

#### Removed

- N/A

### [1.0.0]

#### Added

- First version of the helm chart for pretend you're xyzzy

#### Changed

- N/A

#### Removed

- N/A

[2.0.0]: #200
[1.1.2]: #112
[1.0.1]: #101
[1.0.0]: #100

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)
