charts/stable/mosquitto/README.md, before:

# mosquitto

![Version: 4.7.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-4.7.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 2.0.14](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-2.0.14-informational?style=flat-square)

Eclipse Mosquitto - An open source MQTT broker

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/eclipse/mosquitto>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 4.5.1 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install mosquitto k8s-at-home/mosquitto
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `mosquitto`

```console
helm install mosquitto k8s-at-home/mosquitto
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `mosquitto` deployment

```console
helm uninstall mosquitto
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install mosquitto \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/mosquitto
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install mosquitto k8s-at-home/mosquitto -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

N/A

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| addListener | bool | `true` | When enabled, this adds the `listener` option to the mosquitto config. Change this to false when using TLS. |
| auth.enabled | bool | `false` | By enabling this, `allow_anonymous` gets set to `false` in the mosquitto config. |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"eclipse-mosquitto"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | chart.appVersion | image tag |
| perListenerSettings | bool | `false` | By enabling this, authentication and access control settings will be controlled on a per-listener basis |
| persistence.configinc | object | See values.yaml | Configure a persistent volume to place *.conf mosquitto-config-files in. When enabled, this gets set as `include_dir` in the mosquitto config. |
| persistence.data | object | See values.yaml | Configure a persistent volume to place mosquitto data in. When enabled, this enables `persistence` and `persistence_location` in the mosquitto config. |
| service | object | See values.yaml | Configures service settings for the chart. Normally this does not need to be modified. |

## Changelog

### Version 4.7.1

#### Added

N/A

#### Changed

* Upgraded `common` chart dependency to version 4.5.1

#### Fixed

N/A

### Older versions

A historical overview of changes can be found on [ArtifactHUB](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/k8s-at-home/mosquitto?modal=changelog)

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v0.1.1](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/helm-docs/releases/v0.1.1)

Commit message:

[mosquitto] Remove storage fields from configinc value (#1710)
Persistence configuration in values.yaml should be kept to a minimum
so that users can implement it based on their liking.

Signed-off-by: Tero Paloheimo <tero.paloheimo@iki.fi>

charts/stable/mosquitto/README.md, after:

# mosquitto

![Version: 4.7.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-4.7.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 2.0.14](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-2.0.14-informational?style=flat-square)

Eclipse Mosquitto - An open source MQTT broker

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/eclipse/mosquitto>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 4.5.1 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install mosquitto k8s-at-home/mosquitto
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `mosquitto`

```console
helm install mosquitto k8s-at-home/mosquitto
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `mosquitto` deployment

```console
helm uninstall mosquitto
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install mosquitto \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/mosquitto
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install mosquitto k8s-at-home/mosquitto -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

N/A

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| addListener | bool | `true` | When enabled, this adds the `listener` option to the mosquitto config. Change this to false when using TLS. |
| auth.enabled | bool | `false` | By enabling this, `allow_anonymous` gets set to `false` in the mosquitto config. |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"eclipse-mosquitto"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | chart.appVersion | image tag |
| perListenerSettings | bool | `false` | By enabling this, authentication and access control settings will be controlled on a per-listener basis |
| persistence.configinc | object | See values.yaml | Configure a persistent volume to place *.conf mosquitto-config-files in. When enabled, this gets set as `include_dir` in the mosquitto config. |
| persistence.data | object | See values.yaml | Configure a persistent volume to place mosquitto data in. When enabled, this enables `persistence` and `persistence_location` in the mosquitto config. |
| service | object | See values.yaml | Configures service settings for the chart. Normally this does not need to be modified. |

## Changelog

### Version 4.8.1

#### Added

N/A

#### Changed

* Remove some storage fields from the `persistence.configinc` value

#### Fixed

N/A

### Older versions

A historical overview of changes can be found on [ArtifactHUB](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/k8s-at-home/mosquitto?modal=changelog)

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v0.1.1](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/helm-docs/releases/v0.1.1)
