charts/stable/teedy/README.md, before:

# teedy

![Version: 3.5.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-3.5.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v1.9](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v1.9-informational?style=flat-square)

Teedy is an open source, lightweight document management system for individuals and businesses.

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/sismics/docs>
* <https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/tree/master/charts/teedy>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami | postgresql | 10.4.8 |
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 2.5.0 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install teedy k8s-at-home/teedy
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `teedy`

```console
helm install teedy k8s-at-home/teedy
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `teedy` deployment

```console
helm uninstall teedy
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install teedy \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/teedy
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install teedy k8s-at-home/teedy -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

N/A

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| env | object | `{}` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"sismics/docs"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `"v1.9"` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| persistence.data.emptyDir.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| persistence.data.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| persistence.data.mountPath | string | `"/data"` |  |
| postgresql.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| postgresql.persistence.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| postgresql.postgresqlDatabase | string | `"teedydb"` |  |
| postgresql.postgresqlPassword | string | `"teedypassword"` |  |
| postgresql.postgresqlUsername | string | `"teedyuser"` |  |
| service.port.port | int | `8080` |  |
| strategy.type | string | `"Recreate"` |  |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [3.4.1]

#### Added

- N/A

#### Changed

- Updated icon url.

#### Removed

- N/A

### [1.0.0]

#### Added

- N/A

#### Changed

- N/A

#### Removed

- N/A

[3.4.1]: #341
[1.0.0]: #100

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)

Commit message:

[multiple] Migrate to common v3 (#1070)
* [samba] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [searx] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [samba] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [ser2sock] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [sharry] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [smarter-device-manager] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [speedtest-exporter] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [statping] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [syncthing] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [appdaemon] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [tdarr] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [tdarr] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [teedy] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [statping] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [teslamate] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [truecommand] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

* [tvheadend] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: Bᴇʀɴᴅ Sᴄʜᴏʀɢᴇʀs <me@bjw-s.dev>

charts/stable/teedy/README.md, after:

# teedy

![Version: 4.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-4.0.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v1.9](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v1.9-informational?style=flat-square)

Teedy is an open source, lightweight document management system for individuals and businesses.

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/sismics/docs>
* <https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/tree/master/charts/teedy>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami | postgresql | 10.4.8 |
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 3.2.0 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install teedy k8s-at-home/teedy
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `teedy`

```console
helm install teedy k8s-at-home/teedy
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `teedy` deployment

```console
helm uninstall teedy
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install teedy \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/teedy
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install teedy k8s-at-home/teedy -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

N/A

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| env | object | See below | environment variables. See [application docs](https://github.com/sismics/docs) for more details. |
| env.DATABASE_PASSWORD | string | `nil` | The password to be used for the database connection. |
| env.DATABASE_URL | string | `nil` | The jdbc connection string to be used by hibernate |
| env.DATABASE_USER | string | `nil` | The user which should be used for the database connection |
| env.DOCS_ADMIN_EMAIL_INIT | string | `nil` | Defines the e-mail-address the admin user should have upon initialization |
| env.DOCS_ADMIN_PASSWORD_INIT | string | `nil` | Defines the password the admin user should have upon initialization. Needs to be a bcrypt hash. |
| env.DOCS_BASE_URL | string | `nil` | The base url used by the application |
| env.DOCS_DEFAULT_LANGUAGE | string | `"eng"` | The language which will be used as default |
| env.DOCS_SMTP_HOSTNAME | string | `nil` | Hostname of the SMTP-Server to be used by Teedy |
| env.DOCS_SMTP_PASSWORD | string | `nil` | The password of the SMTP-Server which should be used |
| env.DOCS_SMTP_PORT | string | `nil` | The port of the SMTP-Server which should be used |
| env.DOCS_SMTP_USERNAME | string | `nil` | The username of the SMTP-Server which should be used |
| env.TZ | string | `"UTC"` | Set the container timezone |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"sismics/docs"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"v1.9"` | image tag |
| ingress.main | object | See values.yaml | Enable and configure ingress settings for the chart under this key. |
| persistence | object | See values.yaml | Configure persistence settings for the chart under this key. |
| postgresql | object | See values.yaml | Enable and configure postgresql database subchart under this key.    For more options see [postgresql chart documentation](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/postgresql) |
| service | object | See values.yaml | Configures service settings for the chart. |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [4.0.0]

#### Changed

- **BREAKING**: Upgraded the common library dependency to version 3.2.0. This introduces several breaking changes (`service`, `ingress` and `persistence` keys have been refactored).
  Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-3.2.0/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.

### [3.4.1]

#### Added

- N/A

#### Changed

- Updated icon url.

#### Removed

- N/A

### [1.0.0]

#### Added

- N/A

#### Changed

- N/A

#### Removed

- N/A

[4.0.0]: #400
[3.4.1]: #341
[1.0.0]: #100

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)
