charts/stable/vikunja/README.md, before:

# vikunja

![Version: 4.3.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-4.3.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.17.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.17.0-informational?style=flat-square)

The to-do app to organize your life

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://kolaente.dev/vikunja/api>
* <https://kolaente.dev/vikunja/frontend>
* <https://hub.docker.com/r/vikunja/api>
* <https://hub.docker.com/r/vikunja/frontend>
* <https://vikunja.io/docs/>

## Requirements

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami | postgresql | 10.13.3 |
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 4.0.1 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install vikunja k8s-at-home/vikunja
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `vikunja`

```console
helm install vikunja k8s-at-home/vikunja
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `vikunja` deployment

```console
helm uninstall vikunja
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install vikunja \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/vikunja
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install vikunja k8s-at-home/vikunja -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

N/A

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| additionalContainers.api | object | See values.yaml | Set up the vikunja API container. |
| additionalContainers.api.env | list | See below | You can declare most Vikunja parameters as environment variables. Please consult https://vikunja.io/docs/config-options/ to see all parameters. Note that parameters that are an array cannot be defined as environment variables (like the OpenID Connect settings). Use the vikunja.config Value for that. |
| additionalContainers.api.image | string | `"vikunja/api:0.17.1"` | Vikunja api image and tag |
| additionalContainers.frontend | object | See values.yaml | Set up the vikunja frontend container. |
| additionalContainers.frontend.image | string | `"vikunja/frontend:0.17.0"` | Vikunja frontend image and tag |
| caddy.noTls | bool | `false` | Disable auto tls if behind another loadbalancer or ingress |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"caddy"` | Caddy reverse proxy image and tag |
| image.tag | string | `"2.4.2-alpine"` | vikunja api image tag |
| ingress.main | object | See values.yaml | Enable and configure ingress settings for the chart under this key. |
| persistence | object | See values.yaml | Configure persistence settings for the chart under this key. |
| persistence.files | object | `{"enabled":false,"mountpath":"/app/vikunja/files"}` | Volume used for static files |
| service | object | See values.yaml | Configures service settings for the chart. |
| vikunja.config | string | `"service:\n  jwtsecret: \"myVeryComplexJWTSecret\""` | Provide Vikunja config as YAML string |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [4.0.0]

#### Changed

- Upgraded the common library dependency to version 4.0.0. This introduced (potentially) breaking changes to `initContainers` and `additionalContainers`. Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-4.0.0/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.

### [3.0.0]

#### Changed

- **BREAKING**: Upgraded the common library dependency to version 3.2.0. This introduces several breaking changes (`service`, `ingress` and `persistence` keys have been refactored).
  Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-3.2.0/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.
- Changed api image tag to `0.17.1`.
- Changed frontend image tag to `0.17.0`.

### [1.0.0]

#### Added

- Initial version

[4.0.0]: #400
[3.0.0]: #300
[1.0.0]: #100

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)

Commit message:

Give Vikunja a major version bump to signify potential breaking changes.
Signed-off-by: Nick Douma <n.douma@nekoconeko.nl>

charts/stable/vikunja/README.md, after:

# vikunja

![Version: 5.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-5.0.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.17.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.17.0-informational?style=flat-square)

The to-do app to organize your life

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://kolaente.dev/vikunja/api>
* <https://kolaente.dev/vikunja/frontend>
* <https://hub.docker.com/r/vikunja/api>
* <https://hub.docker.com/r/vikunja/frontend>
* <https://vikunja.io/docs/>

## Requirements

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami | postgresql | 10.13.3 |
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 4.0.1 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install vikunja k8s-at-home/vikunja
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `vikunja`

```console
helm install vikunja k8s-at-home/vikunja
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `vikunja` deployment

```console
helm uninstall vikunja
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install vikunja \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/vikunja
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install vikunja k8s-at-home/vikunja -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

N/A

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| additionalContainers.api | object | See values.yaml | Set up the vikunja API container. |
| additionalContainers.api.env | list | See below | You can declare most Vikunja parameters as environment variables. Please consult https://vikunja.io/docs/config-options/ to see all parameters. Note that parameters that are an array cannot be defined as environment variables (like the OpenID Connect settings). Use the vikunja.config Value for that. |
| additionalContainers.api.image | string | `"vikunja/api:0.17.1"` | Vikunja api image and tag |
| additionalContainers.frontend | object | See values.yaml | Set up the vikunja frontend container. |
| additionalContainers.frontend.image | string | `"vikunja/frontend:0.17.0"` | Vikunja frontend image and tag |
| caddy.noTls | bool | `false` | Disable auto tls if behind another loadbalancer or ingress |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"caddy"` | Caddy reverse proxy image and tag |
| image.tag | string | `"2.4.2-alpine"` | vikunja api image tag |
| ingress.main | object | See values.yaml | Enable and configure ingress settings for the chart under this key. |
| persistence | object | See values.yaml | Configure persistence settings for the chart under this key. |
| persistence.files | object | `{"enabled":false,"mountpath":"/app/vikunja/files"}` | Volume used for static files |
| service | object | See values.yaml | Configures service settings for the chart. |
| vikunja.config | string | `"service:\n  jwtsecret: \"myVeryComplexJWTSecret\""` | Provide Vikunja config as YAML string |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [5.0.0]

#### Changed

- Introduced a new configuration value called `vikunja.config` that allows you to provide configuration to Vikunja in a more straightforward way. Most notably: this allows you to configure all options, including any options that expect a list or array. See the [Vikunja documentation](https://vikunja.io/docs/config-options/) for all options.
- **Potentially breaking**: The new `vikunja.config` value defaults might conflict with existing `additionalContainers.api.env` configuration. Be sure to double check this before upgrading.
- Add `caddy.noTls` configuration value to allow suppression of Caddy's Let's Encrypt feature (e.g. to allow an Ingress controller like Traefik to handle this instead).

### [4.0.0]

#### Changed

- Upgraded the common library dependency to version 4.0.0. This introduced (potentially) breaking changes to `initContainers` and `additionalContainers`. Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-4.0.0/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.

### [3.0.0]

#### Changed

- **BREAKING**: Upgraded the common library dependency to version 3.2.0. This introduces several breaking changes (`service`, `ingress` and `persistence` keys have been refactored).
  Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-3.2.0/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.
- Changed api image tag to `0.17.1`.
- Changed frontend image tag to `0.17.0`.

### [1.0.0]

#### Added

- Initial version

[5.0.0]: #500
[4.0.0]: #400
[3.0.0]: #300
[1.0.0]: #100

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)
