charts/stable/tdarr/README.md, before:

# tdarr

![Version: 4.1.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-4.1.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 2.00.10](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-2.00.10-informational?style=flat-square)

Tdarr is a self hosted web-app for automating media library transcode/remux management and making sure your files are exactly how you need them to be in terms of codecs/streams/containers etc.

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://www.github.com/HaveAGitGat/Tdarr>
* <https://hub.docker.com/r/haveagitgat/tdarr/>
* <https://tdarr.io/docs/>

## Requirements

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 4.2.0 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install tdarr k8s-at-home/tdarr
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `tdarr`

```console
helm install tdarr k8s-at-home/tdarr
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `tdarr` deployment

```console
helm uninstall tdarr
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install tdarr \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/tdarr
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install tdarr k8s-at-home/tdarr -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

N/A

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| env | object | See below | environment variables. See [image docs](https://hub.docker.com/r/haveagitgat/tdarr) for more details. |
| env.TZ | string | `"UTC"` | Set the container timezone |
| env.serverIP | string | `"0.0.0.0"` | tdarr server binding address |
| env.serverPort | string | `"{{ .Values.service.main.ports.server.port }}"` | tdarr server listening port |
| env.webUIPort | string | `"{{ .Values.service.main.ports.http.port }}"` | tdarr web UI listening port (same as Service port) |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"haveagitgat/tdarr"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"2.00.10"` | image tag |
| ingress.main | object | See values.yaml | Enable and configure ingress settings for the chart under this key. |
| node.enabled | bool | `true` | Deploy a tdarr node. |
| node.id | string | `"node"` | Node ID |
| node.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| node.image.repository | string | `"haveagitgat/tdarr_node"` | image repository |
| node.image.tag | string | `"2.00.10"` | image tag |
| persistence | object | See below | Configure persistence settings for the chart under this key. |
| persistence.config | object | See values.yaml | Volume used for configuration |
| persistence.data | object | See values.yaml | Volume used for tdarr server database |
| persistence.media | object | See values.yaml | Volume used for media libraries |
| persistence.shared | object | See values.yaml | Volume used for shared storage. e.g. emptydir transcode |
| service | object | See values.yaml | Configures service settings for the chart. |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [4.1.1]

#### Changed

- Add shared persistence option to the tdarr node sidecar in order to
have a local (emptydir) alternative for transcodes between the server
and node containers.

### [4.0.0]

#### Changed

- Upgraded the common library dependency to version 4.0.0. This introduced (potentially) breaking changes to `initContainers` and `additionalContainers`. Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-4.0.0/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.

### [3.0.0]

#### Changed

- **BREAKING**: Upgraded the common library dependency to version 3.0.2. This introduces several breaking changes (`service`, `ingress` and `persistence` keys have been refactored).
  Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-3.0.2/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.
- Changed image tag to `2.00.10`.
- Moved the `additionalContainers` section to hardcoded values, instead the creation of a tdarr node is now controlled through the `node` key.

### [1.0.0]

#### Added

- Initial version

[4.0.0]: #400
[3.0.0]: #300
[1.0.0]: #100

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)

Commit message:

[tdarr] Allow definition of resources for the node (#1295)

charts/stable/tdarr/README.md, after:

# tdarr

![Version: 4.1.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-4.1.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 2.00.10](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-2.00.10-informational?style=flat-square)

Tdarr is a self hosted web-app for automating media library transcode/remux management and making sure your files are exactly how you need them to be in terms of codecs/streams/containers etc.

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://www.github.com/HaveAGitGat/Tdarr>
* <https://hub.docker.com/r/haveagitgat/tdarr/>
* <https://tdarr.io/docs/>

## Requirements

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 4.2.0 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install tdarr k8s-at-home/tdarr
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `tdarr`

```console
helm install tdarr k8s-at-home/tdarr
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `tdarr` deployment

```console
helm uninstall tdarr
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install tdarr \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/tdarr
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install tdarr k8s-at-home/tdarr -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

N/A

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| env | object | See below | environment variables. See [image docs](https://hub.docker.com/r/haveagitgat/tdarr) for more details. |
| env.TZ | string | `"UTC"` | Set the container timezone |
| env.serverIP | string | `"0.0.0.0"` | tdarr server binding address |
| env.serverPort | string | `"{{ .Values.service.main.ports.server.port }}"` | tdarr server listening port |
| env.webUIPort | string | `"{{ .Values.service.main.ports.http.port }}"` | tdarr web UI listening port (same as Service port) |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"haveagitgat/tdarr"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"2.00.10"` | image tag |
| ingress.main | object | See values.yaml | Enable and configure ingress settings for the chart under this key. |
| node.enabled | bool | `true` | Deploy a tdarr node. |
| node.id | string | `"node"` | Node ID |
| node.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| node.image.repository | string | `"haveagitgat/tdarr_node"` | image repository |
| node.image.tag | string | `"2.00.10"` | image tag |
| node.resources | object | `{}` | Resource definition for the node container |
| persistence | object | See below | Configure persistence settings for the chart under this key. |
| persistence.config | object | See values.yaml | Volume used for configuration |
| persistence.data | object | See values.yaml | Volume used for tdarr server database |
| persistence.media | object | See values.yaml | Volume used for media libraries |
| persistence.shared | object | See values.yaml | Volume used for shared storage. e.g. emptydir transcode |
| service | object | See values.yaml | Configures service settings for the chart. |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [4.1.2]

#### Changed

- Allow definition of resources for the Tdarr node.

### [4.1.1]

#### Changed

- Add shared persistence option to the tdarr node sidecar in order to
have a local (emptydir) alternative for transcodes between the server
and node containers.

### [4.0.0]

#### Changed

- Upgraded the common library dependency to version 4.0.0. This introduced (potentially) breaking changes to `initContainers` and `additionalContainers`. Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-4.0.0/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.

### [3.0.0]

#### Changed

- **BREAKING**: Upgraded the common library dependency to version 3.0.2. This introduces several breaking changes (`service`, `ingress` and `persistence` keys have been refactored).
  Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-3.0.2/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.
- Changed image tag to `2.00.10`.
- Moved the `additionalContainers` section to hardcoded values, instead the creation of a tdarr node is now controlled through the `node` key.

### [1.0.0]

#### Added

- Initial version

[4.0.0]: #400
[3.0.0]: #300
[1.0.0]: #100

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)
