charts/stable/onedrive/README.md, before:

# onedrive

![Version: 1.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.1.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v2.4.12](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v2.4.12-informational?style=flat-square)

A free Microsoft OneDrive Client which supports OneDrive Personal, OneDrive for Business, OneDrive for Office365, and SharePoint

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/abraunegg/onedrive>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 4.0.0 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install onedrive k8s-at-home/onedrive
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `onedrive`

```console
helm install onedrive k8s-at-home/onedrive
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `onedrive` deployment

```console
helm uninstall onedrive
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install onedrive \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/onedrive
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install onedrive k8s-at-home/onedrive -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

To use this chart, you will need to set an application_id in the `config` section as well as a secret (called `onedrive-auth` by default) with a field called `auth-response` that has the value derrived from the process below.

In order to generate an auth-response value you must do the following:

1. Visit the following URL: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/v2.0/authorize?client_id=d50ca740-c83f-4d1b-b616-12c519384f0c&scope=Files.ReadWrite%20Files.ReadWrite.all%20Sites.ReadWrite.All%20offline_access&response_type=code&redirect_uri=https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/nativeclient`
2. Authenticate with your OneDrive account.
3. Copy the URL when you arrive at the blank page (should look like this: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/nativeclient?code=<redacted>`) and use that as the `auth-reponse` value in the previously mentioned secret `onedrive-auth`.

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| auth | object | See values.yaml | Configure auth secret for onedrive to initialize with |
| config | string | `"# Configuration for OneDrive Linux Client\n# This file contains the list of supported configuration fields\n# with their default values.\n# All values need to be enclosed in quotes\n# When changing a config option below, remove the '#' from the start of the line\n# For explanations of all config options below see docs/USAGE.md or the man page.\n#\n# sync_dir = \"/onedrive/data\"\n# skip_file = \"~*|.~*|*.tmp\"\n# monitor_interval = \"300\"\n# skip_dir = \"\"\n# log_dir = \"/var/log/onedrive/\"\n# drive_id = \"\"\n# upload_only = \"false\"\n# check_nomount = \"false\"\n# check_nosync = \"false\"\n# download_only = \"false\"\n# disable_notifications = \"false\"\n# disable_upload_validation = \"false\"\n# enable_logging = \"false\"\n# force_http_2 = \"false\"\n# local_first = \"false\"\n# no_remote_delete = \"false\"\n# skip_symlinks = \"false\"\n# debug_https = \"false\"\n# skip_dotfiles = \"false\"\n# dry_run = \"false\"\n# min_notify_changes = \"5\"\n# monitor_log_frequency = \"5\"\n# monitor_fullscan_frequency = \"10\"\n# sync_root_files = \"false\"\n# classify_as_big_delete = \"1000\"\n# user_agent = \"\"\n# remove_source_files = \"false\"\n# skip_dir_strict_match = \"false\"\napplication_id = \"d50ca740-c83f-4d1b-b616-12c519384f0c\"\n# resync = \"false\"\n# bypass_data_preservation = \"false\"\n# azure_ad_endpoint = \"\"\n# azure_tenant_id = \"common\"\n# sync_business_shared_folders = \"false\"\n# sync_dir_permissions = \"700\"\n# sync_file_permissions = \"600\"\n# rate_limit = \"131072\"\n"` |  |
| env | object | See below and commented variables in values.yaml | environment variables. |
| env.KAH_HELM_INSTALL | int | `1` | Indicate to container to run K8s specific setup |
| env.ONEDRIVE_AUTHFILES | string | `"/onedrive/conf/auth-request:/onedrive/conf/auth-response"` | Set the auth request and response file locations for OneDrive |
| env.ONEDRIVE_GID | int | `1000` | Set the One Drive Group ID |
| env.ONEDRIVE_UID | int | `1000` | Set the OneDrive User ID |
| env.TZ | string | `"UTC"` | Set the container timezone |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"ghcr.io/wrmilling/onedrive-docker"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"v1.0.0"` | image tag |
| persistence | object | See values.yaml for full listing | Configure persistence settings for the chart under this key. |
| persistence.config | object | `{"accessMode":"ReadWriteOnce","enabled":true,"mountPath":"/onedrive/conf"}` | OneDrive config storage |
| persistence.config.enabled | bool | `true` | If config storage should be enabled |
| persistence.data | object | `{"accessMode":"ReadWriteOnce","enabled":true,"mountPath":"/onedrive/data","readOnly":false,"retain":false,"size":"5Gi","type":"pvc"}` | OneDrive data storage |
| persistence.data.enabled | bool | `true` | If data storage should be enabled |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [1.1.0]

#### Added

- Modified the docker path to be against specific versions, no more `latest`
- Cleaned up the transfer between secrets to application so that login can happen
- Cleaned up Custom Setup section of README.md
- Hard coded upstream `application_id` (Doesn't change, can be updated with future releases from upstream)

### [1.0.0]

#### Added

- Ability to run a abraunegg/onedrive instance

[1.0.0]: #1.0.0

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)

Commit message:

[onedrive] Move to v2.0.1 of custom docker image (#1202)

charts/stable/onedrive/README.md, after:

# onedrive

![Version: 2.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-2.0.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v2.4.12](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v2.4.12-informational?style=flat-square)

A free Microsoft OneDrive Client which supports OneDrive Personal, OneDrive for Business, OneDrive for Office365, and SharePoint

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/abraunegg/onedrive>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 4.0.0 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install onedrive k8s-at-home/onedrive
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `onedrive`

```console
helm install onedrive k8s-at-home/onedrive
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `onedrive` deployment

```console
helm uninstall onedrive
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install onedrive \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/onedrive
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install onedrive k8s-at-home/onedrive -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

To use this chart you will need to provide an authentication response from Microsoft for the client to use. This is provided as an environment variable like the claim token is for the plex chart.

In order to generate an authentication response value you must do the following:

1. Visit the following URL: [Authenticate for OneDrive](https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/v2.0/authorize?client_id=d50ca740-c83f-4d1b-b616-12c519384f0c&scope=Files.ReadWrite%20Files.ReadWrite.all%20Sites.ReadWrite.All%20offline_access&response_type=code&redirect_uri=https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/nativeclient)
2. Follow the prompts to login and get your token URL.
3. Copy the URL when you arrive at the blank page (should look like this: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/nativeclient?code=<redacted>`) and provide it to the chart through the `ONEDRIVE_AUTHRESPONSE` environment variable, preferrably secured through some secret.

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| config | string | `"# Configuration for OneDrive Linux Client\n# This file contains the list of supported configuration fields\n# with their default values.\n# All values need to be enclosed in quotes\n# When changing a config option below, remove the '#' from the start of the line\n# For explanations of all config options below see docs/USAGE.md or the man page.\n#\n# sync_dir = \"/onedrive/data\"\n# skip_file = \"~*|.~*|*.tmp\"\n# monitor_interval = \"300\"\n# skip_dir = \"\"\n# log_dir = \"/var/log/onedrive/\"\n# drive_id = \"\"\n# upload_only = \"false\"\n# check_nomount = \"false\"\n# check_nosync = \"false\"\n# download_only = \"false\"\n# disable_notifications = \"false\"\n# disable_upload_validation = \"false\"\n# enable_logging = \"false\"\n# force_http_2 = \"false\"\n# local_first = \"false\"\n# no_remote_delete = \"false\"\n# skip_symlinks = \"false\"\n# debug_https = \"false\"\n# skip_dotfiles = \"false\"\n# dry_run = \"false\"\n# min_notify_changes = \"5\"\n# monitor_log_frequency = \"5\"\n# monitor_fullscan_frequency = \"10\"\n# sync_root_files = \"false\"\n# classify_as_big_delete = \"1000\"\n# user_agent = \"\"\n# remove_source_files = \"false\"\n# skip_dir_strict_match = \"false\"\napplication_id = \"d50ca740-c83f-4d1b-b616-12c519384f0c\"\n# resync = \"false\"\n# bypass_data_preservation = \"false\"\n# azure_ad_endpoint = \"\"\n# azure_tenant_id = \"common\"\n# sync_business_shared_folders = \"false\"\n# sync_dir_permissions = \"700\"\n# sync_file_permissions = \"600\"\n# rate_limit = \"131072\"\n"` |  |
| env | object | See below and commented variables in values.yaml | environment variables. |
| env.ONEDRIVE_AUTHRESPONSE | string | `""` | Set the One Drive Authentication Response |
| env.ONEDRIVE_GID | int | `1000` | Set the One Drive Group ID |
| env.ONEDRIVE_UID | int | `1000` | Set the OneDrive User ID |
| env.TZ | string | `"UTC"` | Set the container timezone |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"ghcr.io/wrmilling/onedrive-docker"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"v2.0.1"` | image tag |
| persistence | object | See values.yaml for full listing | Configure persistence settings for the chart under this key. |
| persistence.config | object | `{"accessMode":"ReadWriteOnce","enabled":true,"mountPath":"/onedrive/conf"}` | OneDrive config storage |
| persistence.config.enabled | bool | `true` | If config storage should be enabled |
| persistence.data | object | `{"accessMode":"ReadWriteOnce","enabled":true,"mountPath":"/onedrive/data","readOnly":false,"retain":false,"size":"5Gi","type":"pvc"}` | OneDrive data storage |
| persistence.data.enabled | bool | `true` | If data storage should be enabled |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [2.0.0]

This release moves away from the auth-files approach and uses a custom docker image that allows the responseUrl to be passed directly as an environment variable, similar to how Plex does claim tokens.

#### Removed

* Removed requirement for `onedrive-auth` secret, you can now provide the `ONEDRIVE_AUTHRESPONSE` however you wish to do so
* Remove `KAH_HELM_INSTALL` environment variable

### [1.1.0]

#### Added

- Modified the docker path to be against specific versions, no more `latest`
- Cleaned up the transfer between secrets to application so that login can happen
- Cleaned up Custom Setup section of README.md
- Hard coded upstream `application_id` (Doesn't change, can be updated with future releases from upstream)

### [1.0.0]

#### Added

- Ability to run a abraunegg/onedrive instance

[1.0.0]: #1.0.0

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)
