charts/stable/duplicati/README.md, before:

# duplicati

![Version: 3.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-3.1.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: latest](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-latest-informational?style=flat-square)

Store securely encrypted backups on cloud storage services!

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/duplicati/>
* <https://github.com/duplicati/duplicati>

## Requirements

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 2.5.0 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install duplicati k8s-at-home/duplicati
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `duplicati`

```console
helm install duplicati k8s-at-home/duplicati
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `duplicati` deployment

```console
helm uninstall duplicati
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install duplicati \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/duplicati
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install duplicati k8s-at-home/duplicati -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

---
**NOTE**

If you get `Error: rendered manifests contain a resource that already exists. Unable to continue with install: existing resource conflict: ...` it may be because you uninstalled the chart with `skipuninstall` enabled, you need to manually delete the pvc or use `existingClaim`.

---

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| env | object | `{}` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"linuxserver/duplicati"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `"latest"` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| persistence.backups.emptyDir.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| persistence.backups.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| persistence.backups.mountPath | string | `"/backups"` |  |
| persistence.config.emptyDir.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| persistence.config.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| persistence.config.mountPath | string | `"/config"` |  |
| persistence.source.emptyDir.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| persistence.source.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| persistence.source.mountPath | string | `"/source"` |  |
| service.port.port | int | `8200` |  |
| strategy.type | string | `"Recreate"` |  |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [3.0.0]

#### Added

- N/A

#### Changed

- **BREAKING** Migrate to the common library, a lot of configuration has changed.
- Updated icon.
- Changed image tag to latest

#### Removed

- N/A

### [2.1.1]

#### Added

- N/A

#### Changed

- Use helm-docs

#### Removed

- N/A

[3.0.0]: #3.0.0
[2.1.1]: #2.1.1

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)

Commit message:

[duplicati] Migrate to common v3 (#987)
* [duplicati] Migrate to common v3

Signed-off-by: nιcнolaѕ wιlde <ncwilde43@gmail.com>

* Change repository to ghcr.io/linuxserver/duplicati

Signed-off-by: nιcнolaѕ wιlde <ncwilde43@gmail.com>

charts/stable/duplicati/README.md, after:

# duplicati

![Version: 4.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-4.0.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: latest](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-latest-informational?style=flat-square)

Store securely encrypted backups on cloud storage services!

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## Source Code

* <https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/duplicati/>
* <https://github.com/duplicati/duplicati>

## Requirements

## Dependencies

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://library-charts.k8s-at-home.com | common | 3.0.2 |

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
helm repo update
helm install duplicati k8s-at-home/duplicati
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `duplicati`

```console
helm install duplicati k8s-at-home/duplicati
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `duplicati` deployment

```console
helm uninstall duplicati
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart **including persistent volumes** and deletes the release.

## Configuration

Read through the [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
Other values may be used from the [values.yaml](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common/values.yaml) from the [common library](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```console
helm install duplicati \
  --set env.TZ="America/New York" \
    k8s-at-home/duplicati
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.

```console
helm install duplicati k8s-at-home/duplicati -f values.yaml
```

## Custom configuration

---
**NOTE**

If you get `Error: rendered manifests contain a resource that already exists. Unable to continue with install: existing resource conflict: ...` it may be because you uninstalled the chart with `skipuninstall` enabled, you need to manually delete the pvc or use `existingClaim`.

---

## Values

**Important**: When deploying an application Helm chart you can add more values from our common library chart [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common)

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| env.PGID | string | `"1000"` | Specify the group ID the application will run as |
| env.PUID | string | `"1000"` | Specify the user ID the application will run as |
| env.TZ | string | `"UTC"` | Set the container timezone |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"ghcr.io/linuxserver/duplicati"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"latest"` | image tag |
| ingress.main | object | See values.yaml | Enable and configure ingress settings for the chart under this key. |
| persistence | object | See values.yaml | Configure persistence settings for the chart under this key. |
| service | object | See values.yaml | Configures service settings for the chart. |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [4.0.0]

#### Changed

- **BREAKING**: Upgraded the common library dependency to version 3.0.2. This introduces several breaking changes (`service`, `ingress` and `persistence` keys have been refactored).
  Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-3.0.2/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.

### [3.0.0]

#### Added

- N/A

#### Changed

- **BREAKING** Migrate to the common library, a lot of configuration has changed.
- Updated icon.
- Changed image tag to latest
- Changed repository to `ghcr.io/linuxserver/duplicati`

#### Removed

- N/A

### [2.1.1]

#### Added

- N/A

#### Changed

- Use helm-docs

#### Removed

- N/A

[4.0.0]: #400
[3.0.0]: #300
[2.1.1]: #211

## Support

- See the [Docs](https://docs.k8s-at-home.com/our-helm-charts/getting-started/)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)
- Ask a [question](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions)
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) community

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)
